my family was unlike, uh, other families in the area. We had a mom and
a dad who loved me very much and are still together, and it's still
alive. They're both from different countries. So the only thing different
that I had was maybe the food on her table. My brothers were
typical older brothers. Nice to me when it benefited them, but mostly
I was there bully or the one that they could take advantage of. They
were a little bit older than I was. Um, eso I spent most of my time
as an only child because they were either in college or out of the
house. I had friends that I grew up with, um, pretty much my entire
life, the same group of friends, but as far as my family, a lot of
families from my father's side, um, there many cousins that I got Thio
to play with and hang out with and go to different family events